when
there says what I tell city
other times
each
the anarchy
damn fucking bitch you'll pay me curse all your fucking mother and
your grandmother also efe
I'm not here anymore
sorry it was a joke you you know that I love you so much
ryan sweeting endured was not informed because of you I was beaten and a guy who
is that I returned my tickets publish the video where he sings his waka waka no no
it's not that you did not do it carefully every aspect of the plan
Now put the bag on your head and let go of everything yet
everything goes perfectly
for lines flies penalty the statesman missing three hours to get to
South Africa
South Africa did not say that his dolphin
to good
efe
a few hours later
we're on that
viable ap
to believe him yes I was not going to waste precious tickets for the cup
the fifa so to enjoy the end
You cheated on me frog how could you
spokesmen and luciano also did it to luciano it likes soccer
we go what I deduce challenges in cup
I think so
Luciano the selection of what the dollar no longer classified
and you who with powers to send me
Long live football
afghanistan and you're walking to
a reality that was walking face to face with the exception of Andalusia
mother of the sexologist is the gloomy 12 yes I came to the world to relax from
some matters
the franco and substitutes would be great players
then arriving at the stadium because they smoke
Where are you
I do not feel my eggs
Christian
yesterday you did vasectomy
I thought we used nutcrackers today calm here there are places brilliantly
saved for four years to buy this place that
what
aaa go in this stadium as well as a million people your calculation is
wrong you are defending the figure over g
efe something technically impossible for the stadium
go if you know about geography a few hours later
sahagun 5 I do not know but it was baa1 chandhok removes is to clarify
5 about its contents
is here
larcher the largest in the world
must be
where the fuck did that giant bottle opener come from?
I do not know
this cartoon does not have the senseless bastard
the adc
great are since a few days ago of the FIFA World Cup
they do not do 20
if you can not draw
collapses
half of the creation recital would dare to do such a shit end
here what really happened but what the pussies
where I am
until you wake up boy the young man this week was crazy that someone
explain do not remember him tell him
bo seven days ago when luciano opened the access both to spend both the
car during drunk one week
if you were doing many many many bullshit of these theories
men and 16 women ran naked around the stadium screaming
desperately that you liked soccer you were so drunk that
they arrive they make a cascarita lionel messi what of the fifa they never gave someone so
passionate about football that
They gave us tickets for the next appointment again to the World Cup Spain
this is the purpose of highlighting a cartoon
surprise of the day
I can not get football out of my head
he is very fond
is that I got stuck this bastard hat
these are the leaves